Order of execution of MATLAB scripts on a Windows machine
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0a. Navigate to the Scripts folder in MATLAB, or add it to the MATLAB path.

0b. Add the line C:\Program Files\Weka-3-7\weka.jar to the classpath.txt file and restart MATLAB. Replace '3-7' as necessary depending on the version. (To edit, type 'edit classpath.txt' in admin mode).

0c. Add LibSVM to classpath.txt. The default path is: C:\Users\username\wekafiles\packages\LibSVM\LibSVM.jar.
0d. Run the script IIITDemo\Scripts\matlab2weka\wekaPathCheck.m and verify that the output is 1. 

1a. Run Execute.m specifying the locations of raw data files in .data format. The raw data represent individual walk samples (cut files). This script extracts the features and builds the .arff files corresponding to the data in the path_to_arff/username folder.

1b. Put the required .arff files (plain, scaled, scaled_nr, or scaled_r) in the folder IIITDemo\Arff\temp-all. Then run the script Combine_arff_doit.m. This combines the arff files and saves in the folder IIITDemo\Arff\combined.

2. Run RunResultsScript_IoTDI.m. Prepare the input as required (lines 4-11). Specifically, put combined files if any, generated in step 2 in the required folders. The script in turn calls:

(i) GenerateModels_IoTDI.m which performs grid search on the data (non-robust and robust) and generates the best models, saving them in the appropriate folder given by g_str_pathbase_model.

(ii) GenerateCrossEnvironmentResults_IoTDI.m which generates cross-environment validation results for both non-robust and robust datasets based on the models created in (i).

NOTE: Jin had used the information gain computing and ranking script InformationGainOfAFeatureOfAFile.m, used in step 2. But his results do not align with Weka's computation of information gains. So, we can alternatively use the Weka API to match the results with the Weka front-end. I have created the script InformationGainOfAFeatureOfAFile_weka.m to this effect, which should replace the aforementioned script.

I have put the \top10 and \top20 results generated by Jin in the folders \top10_Jin and \top20_Jin respectively.
